Improve description of communication and outreach activities (#94)
DE-RSE/2023_paper-RSE-groups: paper.tex

\item The RSE hub needs to be involved during the development period either through development or consultation services in order to ensure that best practices are followed and the required knowledge is transferred to the hub.
\end{itemize}

\subsection{Module 9: Communication and Outreach}%
\label{sec:outreach}

We identify three categories of communication and outreach activities according to the participating individuals and groups, connecting the RSE unit to (i) the RSEs at the institution, (ii) other entities within the institution, and (iii) regional, national and international initiatives.
Concerning category (i), options for communication among the RSEs at the institution include messaging channels (for quick communication) and forums or wikis integrated to developer platforms to have longer discussion while keeping track of the conversation.

> Project management communication tools, e.g., Kanban boards, can complement the picture.

Author: ```suggestion
Additionally, project management tools should enable all stakeholders to participate in a transparent manner.
```

Regarding category (ii), the connection to other entities within the institution can be established by a web/wiki page including the portfolio of services and training materials offered by the RSE unit.

> To communicate and advertise the RSE unit within the institution, the corresponding team for internal communication should be involved.

Author: ```suggestion
```

as this allows to evaluate the potential necessities for other services such as development, infrastructure provisioning and maintenance.
An extension of the initial service portfolio for a larger target audience requires the acquisition of funding for further positions, see below.

The best RSE department can easily become useless if other departments as well as RSEs outside the central hub do not know about it.
Therefore, communication and outreach activities as described in~\autoref{sec:outreach}, particularly connecting to entities within the institution, is of utmost importance at this stage.

> Although an initial announcement will be done once the the RSE department concept has been approved by the institution, communication across the RSE hub, the RSE network and other departments should be done on a regular basis. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the inception of the RSE department will be announced once the business plan has been approved by the institution, communication across the RSE hub, the RSE network and other departments should be done on a regular basis. 
```

replace concept (see #80) and one of the dones
